maker and author Michael poor Michael
Moore and how significant do you think
these protests are if you could quite
significant I think that the this is
something that's certainly spreading all
over the United States there are new
Occupy movements beginning in towns and
cities every day announced spread across
the world it's really touched a nerve
but what your correspondent said about
that thee it may seem weird because you
have a lot of young people there in the
park it's it's only weird in the sense
that all movements for justice begin
with people who are not there were you
know willing to be out there on the edge
of it you know somebody in the feminist
movement burned their first bra and that
just shocked everybody and everybody
thought that was weird and crazy and
then we had a feminist movement and then
things got a bit better and so that's
how things go when women wanted the
right to vote 100 some years ago talk
about being weird I mean they I mean
they were completely ostracized every
buddy who starts a movement is talked
about in this way and this is how
they're being talked about now but at
the same multiple are the campaign for
women's suffrage the objective whatever
the mechanism whatever the methods the
tactics the objective was to get votes
to women it's unclear in this case what
the objective is what it would take to
get the campaign called off do you
understand what it's for yes I do it's
it's a whole bunch of reasons that they
all need that to the greed of an
economic system that's built around in
this case in our country round wall
street and people are fed up we've got
50 million people in the united states
that have no health care 50 million we
have millions who have lost their homes
due to foreclosure we have forty six
point two million now living in poverty
that's that's at least of 13
kids every night going to bed
malnourished so that's people have just
you've got millions of people who have
been abused by the system and they've
had it and I think it's enough remember
we're just in the first 30 days 31 32
days of this movement it's enough that
people have just gotten up off the sofa
and gotten involved it's enough that
people have push through their despair
to say you know what I'm not going to
just sit by and do nothing so first you
have to get up and move that's what
people have done we're in that first
phase right now this will grow in to
something with various political demands
to upend this system that is that has
caused so much pain for so many people
you say up in this system is the
objective to reform capitalism or to end
it depends on we ask as far as I'm
concerned it has to be ended I think
it's an evil it's an evil evil system
and and I'm talking about 21st century
capitalism I don't only hear a lecture
about what Adam Smith intended or
whatever I'm talking about a system now
that's set up so that the richest 1% get
forty percent of the pie a system where
the richest 400 Americans have more
wealth than 150 million americans
combined are you on that place in
democracy what we have to well excited
about replacing it with it's not about
replacing it with something or going bad
you see that here's I think what's
confusing especially some people in the
media they're wondering wire where's the
why aren't they participating in the
political system the way it's always
been done well the way it's always been
done has got them here they are
interested in that they're not they're
not interested in passing a particular
bill in the Senate or having a
congressman say the right things to them
at this point but you people i purchased
silly this is going to end up with
political change how are you going to
get political change that if not by
political action well we'll have to see
what happens right i mean that's you
just don't know that now because you're
watching the birth of a massive
worldwide movement against the banks
against wall street against the city
people who literally have had it they're
not going to take it anymore and
and things are going to happen we just
don't know that now because we're in the
we're really in the actual birth of this
movement so what do you imagine we'll
replace capitalism at the end of illicit
if the movement successful I think what
people would like is a democratic
economic system in other words if we say
we live in democracies we should have
economic systems that the people have a
say in how these systems are set up how
they're run and that the pie is the vid
is divided fairly amongst the citizens
and that those who have more are taxed
more so that they have to hold what is
their fair share of the weight that is
ultimately what you know people would
hope you know when I was a kid that
people didn't hit were really weren't
mad at rich people because the rich
people had built the factories and it
was kind of like okay well they gave my
dad a job and now we get to have a house
and we have a car the kids get to go to
college that's all that's all gone now
because the rich there was never really
enough for them they had to keep whether
they wanted more and what they're just
like enough is the dirtiest word in
capitalism it's a it's a we need an
economic system that's that's fair and
just and democratic that's not what
capitalism is now and and i'm afraid the
people this isn't just me saying this
the people have had it and they want
something new and maybe something new
will have to be invented out of this who
did take to persuade you that it was not
necessary to have this campaign any
longer you mean why and what would it do
to it person for me to stop occupying
Wall Street yeah I well any of a number
of things a fair tax rate so that the
richer pay their fair taxes bring back
the controls and regulations on Wall
Street so they won't be able to do what
they did in 08 before that again I mean
there's all there's a whole bunch of
specifics that I would that I would be
happy to see happen but ultimately I
don't think that I mean we have a
political system where
especially our candidates can legally be
bought by billionaires money has to be
completely removed from our political
system and there's there is a
declaration if you go online to the
Occupy Wall Street the website there's a
declaration that the General Assembly
voted on down there and you can see 19
or 20 different points that people are
concerned about it's not what people
don't having expressed these concerns
it's just that it's not like the old way
works let's get somebody elected
president let's get that bill passed in
Congress well way beyond that now we're
not into fixing or reforming or tweaking
this is just simply has to end the way
of doing business as we know what has to
come to an end Michael oh thank you